Access to the Site and the use of the Services is conditioned upon your acceptance of, and compliance with,
this Policy. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with
any part of these Policy, then you do not have permission to access the Services, and you must immediately
cease accessing and/or using the Services.

We do not knowingly add users to our website without permission. A user
is added to our site if and only if they register themselves as a User.

Golden Years does not and cannot control how Event Organisers use the information provided to them, such as
your name, username, and email. If an Event Organiser adds your information to our Site and you do not wish
to be a part of our service, contact us and our staff will delete you from our system.

No information is collected about you if you do not register an Account
on Golden Years.

Below is a summary of the categories of information we collect, where we get it from, and why we collect it.

Golden Years collects two types of information: your provided User information and any information about an
Event. Any information collected by Google or Apple, the service used on sign-up, aside from the information
listed here, is not used by Golden Years, nor is Golden Years responsible
for how that information is used.

Your User Information

Golden Years collects the following information about a User.
Only Golden Years and Event Organisers receive this information for their own use.
The information listed here, besides a User's email, is available on each User's page.
All of this is provided by the User when they register for an Account:
- a name
- an email
- a username
- a location, such as a city or school (not required)
- a biography (not requiured)
- a profile image (from your Google or Apple account, whichever was used to sign in to Golden Years). This can be changed from a User's profile, and old profile pictures are not stored anywhere.

This information is collected in order to fulfill your requests for services and information,
improve our Site's functionality, improve our Services, and for other business purposes.

Event Information

Golden Years collects the following information about an Event.
Only Golden Years receives this information for their own use.
The information listed here, besides the Organiser's and the User's email, is available
on each Event's page.
All of this information, besides the Participant's emails, usernames, and names (which is given
to Golden Years when a User signs up for an Event), is provided by the Event Organiser when they create
an Event:
- a title
- an image
- a description
- a location
- the Organiser's information, as provided from their user account
- any Participant's information, as provided from their user account.

As a reminder, it is of utmost importance that the information you share publicly on the Site is, well,
public. Be sure to follow good internet safety practices and avoid oversharing. Golden Years is not liable
for the misuse of information that you choose to place on the Site.