Access to the Site and the use of the Services is conditioned upon your acceptance of, and compliance with,
these terms. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with
any part of these Terms, then you do not have permission to access the Services, and you must immediately
cease accessing and/or using the Services.

As the User, when signing up for an Event, you are entrusting the accuracy
of the Event posted by the Event Organiser.

As the User, you are also entrusted to be completely and fully accurate, to the best of your abilities,
the information on both your account and any Event you sign up for. Failure to provide accurate information
as is necessitated by these Terms will result in the termination of the User's account.

The creation of a User account is optional, but is required for Users to sign up for Events.

As an Organiser, when creating an Event, you are faithfully and accurately reporting the
details of your Event, in full, and are responsible for continuously monitoring your Event.
Failure to report information quickly and directly can result in the termination of the
Organiser's account.

As an Organiser, you are also entrusted to be completely and fully accurate, to the best of your abilities,
the information on both your account and any Event you create. Failure to provide accurate information
as is necessitated by these Terms will result in the termination of the Organiser's account.

We, the creators of Golden Years, will attempt to ensure the truthfulness of all Events posted.

We, the creators of Golden Years, are not responsible for any inaccuracies in the information on
User or Organiser accounts or created Events.

We, the creators of Golden Years, reserve the right to modify or delete any Event or Account at any time
in our sole discretion. We, therefore, reserve the right to change or update information and to correct
errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.

We, the creators of Golden Years, reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
content at our sole discretion.

Therefore, you agree that you will not, under any circumstances:
- use the Site to post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable and offensive;
- use the Site for any unlawful purpose or for the promotion of illegal activities or Events;
- use the Site to attempt to, or harass, abuse, or harm another person or group;
- use another User's account without permission;
- provide false or inaccurate information when registering an account via the Site;
- interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Site;
- make any automated use of the Site, or take any action that we deem to impose or to potentially
- impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our servers or network infrastructure;
- publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user's browser or computer